This project focuses on the Life Ladder, showing its values across different countries. It highlights how the Life Ladder is changing in the Czech Republic, among other countries. The data was obtained from Kaggle, and PowerBI was used for the analysis.
PowerBI is great for creating effective visualizations. The Life Ladder map shows the values for different countries. It reveals that Finland had the highest value in 2023 with a score 7.699, while Afghanistan had the lowest, with a score of 1.446.
The graph showing the average healthy life expectancy at birth by country reveals that the highest value is 72. This value is observed in Sweden, Iceland, Luxembourg, Netherlands, Norway, and Denmark.
The graph showing freedom to make life choices and its positive effect demonstrates that greater freedom to make life choices leads to a positive effect.  The graph Sum of the Life Ladder by year in the Czech Republic indicates that the Life Ladder is increasing. The graph titled 'Average of Generosity by Continent' reveals that in 2023, Oceania was the most generous, with an index of 0.18, while South America was the least generous, with an index of -0.07.
The graph titled 'Average of Positive Effect by Continent' shows that North America has the highest value, at 0.77, while Asia has the lowest, with a value of 0.61. The graph titled 'Average of Freedom to Make Life Choices by Continent' shows that Oceania has the highest value, at 0.91, while Africa has the lowest, with a value of 0.69. The last graph, titled 'Average of Life Ladder,' shows the last five countries, with the Maldives at 5.2, Cuba at 5.4, Guyana at 6.0, Suriname at 6.3, and Oman at 6.9.
